What I'd love for you to do,
is try to now dispatch
an action when the forgiven
checkbox has been checked.
Right, so what's Forgiveness to
actually doing the state management,
to just announcing, hey,
forgiveness has been issued.
We have issued a pardon for whoever parts
too close to me in the parking lot.
It's not really that person's fault,
it's the parking lot spaces,
it's not important.
We're gonna issue
forgiveness to that person.
We'll basically,
instead of actually doing it all in there,
we want to move it up into the reducer,
and we want to just say that it happened.
So we added the ability add a grudge,
all right?
It would be great if we could also forgive
the graduates and notice that like
I took on adding the graduate level
to you to deal with forgiveness.
I am a small person and
you're all better than me.
And so, what we wanna do is in
the same way that we refactored
addGrudge to instead of dealing
with the fact that grudge changed
to simply announce that it happened, and
take this entirely very easily testable,
JavaScript function,
to deal with what that means.
I would implore you to do the same.
Right, we'll get the idea in here,
to do the same, to say, okay,
a grudge has been forgiven, your job is
to dispatch that announcement, right?
And then in the reducer,
which receives announcements like okay,
if this is an announcement that a grudge
has been forgiven, go ahead and
we're gonna manage our
state appropriately, right?
And some of the inspiration of how to do
this can be found right in here as well,
like you'll have to do
a little bit of change, right?
Here we call it state,
which we have it and we rename grudges,
if you want, there's reasons why
we might not want to later on.
The same basic idea,
just pull that through as well.